capital = 888

oob = "ARG_1936"

add_ideas = {
	ARG_economic_depression
	ARG_rampant_corruption
	ARG_distrust_of_military
	ARG_inflation_5
	monroe_doctrine_idea
	ARG_servicio_militar_obligatorio
	limited_exports
}

set_variable = { ARG_inflationary_period_days = 125 }
set_country_flag = ARG_has_not_sharpened_air_safety

country_event = { id = argentina.62 days = 1}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ARG_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ARG_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

recruit_character = ARG_agustín_pedro_justo
recruit_character = ARG_fanny_edelman
recruit_character = ARG_arturo_rawson
recruit_character = ARG_juan_pistarini
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_teisaire
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_pablo_ramirez
recruit_character = ARG_juan_domingo_peron
recruit_character = ARG_nimio_de_anquin
recruit_character = ARG_marcelo_t._de_alvear
recruit_character = ARG_abraham_schweizer
recruit_character = ARG_edelmiro_julián_farrell
recruit_character = ARG_nicolas_accame
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_marquez
recruit_character = ARG_juan_carlos_onganía
recruit_character = ARG_basilio_pertiné
recruit_character = ARG_leandro_anaya
recruit_character = ARG_jorge_carcagno
recruit_character = ARG_isaac_francisco_rojas
recruit_character = ARG_uribaldi_diaz_brittenberg
recruit_character = ARG_edelmiro_farrell
recruit_character = ARG_jose_tamborni
recruit_character = ARG_manuel_maria_de_iriondo
recruit_character = ARG_manuel_a_rodriguez
recruit_character = ARG_ramon_castillo
recruit_character = ARG_manuel_antonio_fresco
recruit_character = ARG_antonio_parodi
recruit_character = ARG_eleazar_videla
recruit_character = ARG_francisco_m_velez
recruit_character = ARG_hortensio_quijano
recruit_character = ARG_enzo_bordabehere
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_s_casal
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_ibarguren
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_alberto_pueyrredon
recruit_character = ARG_heriberto_la_galine
recruit_character = ARG_thomas_martinez
recruit_character = ARG_luis_podesta_costa
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_von_der
recruit_character = ARG_rodolfo_freude


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" } }
	set_technology = {
		gw_tank = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tanque Argentino de Entre-Guerra"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/gwtank.dds"
	}
}

set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 15
	
	add_ideas = ARG_patriotic_loan
	add_ideas = ARG_funded_public_works
	
	remove_ideas = ARG_reduce_public_expenses
	
	country_event = { id = argentina.55 days = 1 }
	
	if = {
		limit = { NOT = { has_country_flag = ARG_peron_has_left } }
		set_country_flag = ARG_peron_has_left
	}
	
	if = {
		limit = { NOT = { has_country_flag = ARG_roberto_in_power } }
		set_country_flag = ARG_roberto_in_power
	}
	
	if = {
		limit = { NOT = { has_country_flag = ARG_elected_concordancia } }
		set_country_flag = ARG_elected_concordancia
	}
		
	complete_national_focus = ARG_infamous_decade
	complete_national_focus = ARG_concordancia
	complete_national_focus = ARG_save_roberto
	complete_national_focus = ARG_push_industrial_reforms
	complete_national_focus = ARG_subsidize_key_industries
	complete_national_focus = ARG_strenghten_robertos_ideals
	complete_national_focus = ARG_fund_public_works
	complete_national_focus = ARG_push_forward_anitcorruption_reforms
	complete_national_focus = ARG_roberto_leads_the_way
	complete_national_focus = ARG_slowly_mobilize
	complete_national_focus = ARG_give_out_gifts
	complete_national_focus = ARG_focus_economy
	complete_national_focus = ARG_reduce_public_expense
	complete_national_focus = ARG_restrict_circulation_currency
	complete_national_focus = ARG_establish_patriotic_loan
	complete_national_focus = ARG_deal_with_depression
	complete_national_focus = ARG_develop_the_capital
	complete_national_focus = ARG_modernize_ruta_40
	complete_national_focus = ARG_make_an_effort_to_mobilize
	
	oob = "ARG_1939"
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
			set_naval_oob = "ARG_1939_naval_mtg"
		else = {
			set_naval_oob = "ARG_1939_naval_legacy"
		}
	}

	set_technology = {
		early_bomber = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		basic_train = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 2
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1


		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		oil_processing = 2
		improved_oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		set_technology = {
			basic_destroyer = 1
			basic_light_cruiser = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_technology = {
			basic_light_battery = 1
			basic_medium_battery = 1
		}
	}
}

set_convoys = 120
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.35
set_war_support = 0.30

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1931.11.8"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 41
	peronism = 1
	fascism = 5
	communism = 3
	neutrality = 50
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Agustín Pedro Justo"
	desc = "POLITICS_AGUSTIN_PEDRO_JUSTO_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_Agustin_Pedro_Justo.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = despotism
	traits = {
		
	}
}

1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1937.9.5"
		election_frequency = 108
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 34
		peronism = 2
		fascism = 5
		communism = 9
		neutrality = 50
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
	name = "Roberto María Ortiz"
	desc = "POLITICS_ROBERTO_MARIA_ORTIZ_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_Roberto_M_Ortiz.dds" #temporary
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = despotism
		traits = {
			ARG_brutal_leader
			ARG_expert_commercialist
		}
	}
}



### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cervantes Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Veinticinco de Mayo Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_armor_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
		}
	}

}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Santa Fe Class"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ARG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Catamarca Class"				# represents Catamarca, La Plata Class		
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ARG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cervantes Class"	
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ARG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Mendoza Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ARG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Libertad Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = ARG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Garibaldi Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = ARG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Veinticinco de Mayo Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ARG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
	}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Rivadavia Class"	
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ARG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}

# 1939 Start #
1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		# Ship variants #
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		# Destroyers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Buenos Aires Class"	
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = ARG_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		# Light Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "La Argentina Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = ARG_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			}
		}
	}
}