capital = 302

recruit_character = BOL_josé_luis_tejada_sorzano
recruit_character = BOL_Óscar_Únzaga_de_la_vega
recruit_character = BOL_germán_busch
recruit_character = BOL_david_toro
recruit_character = BOL_carlos_quintanilla
recruit_character = BOL_hans_kundt
recruit_character = BOL_enrique_peñaranda
recruit_character = BOL_waldó_Álvarez
recruit_character = BOL_jorge_lynch
recruit_character = BOL_ignacio_corrico
recruit_character = BOL_francisco_valencia
recruit_character = BOL_enrique_finot
recruit_character = BOL_tomas_monje_gutierrez
recruit_character = BOL_gil_ibarra_juarez
recruit_character = BOL_gualberto_villarroel_lopez
recruit_character = BOL_jose_maria_gutierrez
recruit_character = BOL_david_toro_ruilova
recruit_character = BOL_julian_montellano_carrasco
recruit_character = BOL_hector_bilbao_roja
recruit_character = BOL_bernardino_bilbao_rioja
recruit_character = BOL_eusebio_ayala
recruit_character = BOL_german_busch_beccera
recruit_character = BOL_jose_santos_quinteros
recruit_character = BOL_fabian_vaca_chavez
recruit_character = BOL_enrique_baldivieso_aparicio
recruit_character = BOL_roberto_hinojosa
recruit_character = BOL_carlos_altamirano
recruit_character = BOL_victor_paz_estenssoro
recruit_character = BOL_alberto_ostria_gutierrez

oob = "BOL_1936"
add_ideas = {
	BOL_losers_in_the_chaco_war
	BOL_unstable_republic
	BOL_great_depression
	BOL_sea_access_loss
}

add_ideas = monroe_doctrine_idea

set_country_flag = BOL_coup_being_planned

set_variable = { BOL_civilian_army_divisions = 0 }
set_variable = { BOL_military_divisions = 0 }

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}
set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 355
	set_country_flag = BOL_started_in_39
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = BOL_side_with_military
	complete_national_focus = BOL_placate_to_the_experienced_officers
	complete_national_focus = BOL_embrace_military_socialism
	complete_national_focus = BOL_expand_worker_rights
	complete_national_focus = BOL_begin_regaining_the_peoples_trust
	complete_national_focus = BOL_restructure_parliament
	complete_national_focus = BOL_kickstart_the_industry
	complete_national_focus = BOL_nationalize_the_holdings_of_standard_oil
	complete_national_focus = BOL_set_up_corporate_style_system
	complete_national_focus = BOL_improve_worker_conditions
	complete_national_focus = BOL_nation_reborn
	complete_national_focus = BOL_a_balanced_Economy
	complete_national_focus = BOL_continue_with_german
	complete_national_focus = BOL_treaty_of_peace_with_paraguay
	complete_national_focus = BOL_hold_the_1938_national_convention
	complete_national_focus = BOL_write_the_1938_constitution
	complete_national_focus = BOL_establish_ourselves_as_dictator
	complete_national_focus = BOL_begin_dealing_with_the_depression
	complete_national_focus = BOL_focus_on_what_were_good_at
	complete_national_focus = BOL_improve_our_road_networks

	remove_ideas = {
		BOL_unstable_republic
	}
	
	oob = "BOL_1939"
	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1


		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1934.11.11"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 71
	communism = 14
	democratic = 15
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "José Luis Tejada Sorzano"
	desc = "POLITICS_JOSE_LUIS_TEJADA_SORZANO_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_Bolivia_Jose_Luis_Tejada_Sorzano.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = despotism # liberalism, personally, but puppet for military
	traits = {
		BOL_tejada_incompetent_leader_1
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Óscar Únzaga de la Vega"
	desc = "POLITICS_OSCAR_UNZAGA_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/BOL/portrait_BOL_Oscar_Unzaga.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = gen_nazism
	traits = {
		BOL_father_of_the_falange
	}
}

1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = communism
		last_election = "1934.11.11"
		election_frequency = 72
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	set_popularities = {
		neutrality = 100
	}

	create_country_leader = {
        name = "Germán Busch"
        desc = "POLITICS_GERMAN_BUSCH_DESC"
        picture = "gfx/leaders/BOL/portrait_BOL_german_busch.dds"
        expire = "1965.1.1"
        ideology = military_socialism
        traits = {
            ARG_brutal_leader
			dictator
        }
    }
}