capital = 303
add_ideas = monroe_doctrine_idea
oob = "PRU_1936"

add_ideas = {
	PRU_continuing_the_gold_standard_1
	PRU_pathetic_navy_1
	PRU_improper_air_force
	PRU_divided_army
	PRU_naval_democratic_loyalties
	PRU_fiat_currency_instability_1
}

set_variable = { PRU_army_power = 5 }
set_variable = { PRU_navy_power = -5 }

set_variable = { PRU_factory_output = 0.02 }
set_variable = { PRU_army_attack_and_defense = 0.01 }
set_variable = { PRU_military_factory_speed = 0.01 }
set_variable = { PRU_dockyard_output = -0.02}
set_variable = { PRU_ship_attack_and_defense = -0.01 }
set_variable = { PRU_dockyard_production_speed = -0.01 }

recruit_character = PRU_Óscar_benavides
recruit_character = PRU_manuel_prado_ugarteche
recruit_character = PRU_jorge_del_prado_chávez
recruit_character = PRU_josé_luis_bustamante_y_rivero
recruit_character = PRU_luis_a._flores
recruit_character = PRU_eloy_ureta_montehermoso
recruit_character = PRU_miguel_monteza_tafur
recruit_character = PRU_antonio_rodríguez_ramírez
recruit_character = PRU_oscar_r._benavides
recruit_character = PRU_manuel_a._odria
recruit_character = PRU_luis_vinatea_almonte
recruit_character = PRU_antonio_silva_santisteba
recruit_character = PRU_felipe_de_la_barra
recruit_character = PRU_roque_a._saldías
recruit_character = PRU_armando_figueroa_roggero
recruit_character = PRU_josé_r._alzamora
recruit_character = PRU_federico_corrico
recruit_character = PRU_rafael_escardo
recruit_character = PRU_alberto_lopez_flores
recruit_character = PRU_oscar_gilardi
recruit_character = PRU_armando_reveredo_iglesias
recruit_character = PRU_felipe_tudela
recruit_character = PRU_oscar_miro_quesada
recruit_character = PRU_eduardo_cantabria_gomez
recruit_character = PRU_ernesto_scroth
recruit_character = PRU_luis_ramirez_ortiz
recruit_character = PRU_oscar_benavides_larrea
recruit_character = PRU_manuel_vicente
recruit_character = PRU_manuel_odria_amoretti
recruit_character = PRU_luis_navarrete
recruit_character = PRU_paul_de_beaudiez
recruit_character = PRU_alberto_roque_saldias
recruit_character = PRU_reynaldo_vinatea
recruit_character = PRU_vladimiro_lopez_trigoso
recruit_character = PRU_eloy_g_ureta
recruit_character = PRU_fernando_m_quesada_blanco
recruit_character = PRU_eduardo_montero_rojas
recruit_character = PRU_jose_bustamante_y_rivero
recruit_character = PRU_romulo_frias

set_war_support = 0.2

hidden_effect = { #NATIONAL SPIRIT
	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = PRU_army_navy_rivalry_idea }
}


if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "PRU_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "PRU_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}

set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

set_convoys = 75
set_research_slots = 3

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 175
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = PRU_repairing_the_nation # 70 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_the_1933_constitution... # 35 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_a_presidential_republic # 105 days 
	complete_national_focus = PRU_ban_socialism # 35 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_oppress_the_communists # 56 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_naval_buildup_in_callao # 56 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_strengthen_the_army # 35 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_purchase_modern_arnaments # 70 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_prepare_for_a_potential_war # 70 days 
	complete_national_focus = PRU_deal_with_the_economic_turmoil # 70 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_our_northern_land # 35 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_prepare_our_people # 35 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_prepare_our_army_further # 35 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_increase_our_equipment_reserves # 70 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_the_state_serves_the_people # 70 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_abandon_the_socialists # 70 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_abandon_the_socialists # 35 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_pander_to_catholics # 35 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_supporting_religious_traditons # 35 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_election_day # 35 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_the_liberals_win # 35 days
	complete_national_focus = PRU_expand_our_armaments
	complete_national_focus = PRU_focus_on_our_navy
	complete_national_focus = PRU_fuerzas_armadas
	complete_national_focus = PRU_ejericto_peruano
	complete_national_focus = PRU_modernize_our_weapons
	complete_national_focus = PRU_recruit_new_generals
	complete_national_focus = PRU_marina_de_guerra_del_peru
	complete_national_focus = PRU_extend_naval_training
	
	oob = "PRU_1939"
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
			set_naval_oob = "PRU_1939_naval_mtg"
		else = {
			set_naval_oob = "PRU_1939_naval_legacy"
		}
	}

	set_technology = {
		tactical_bomber1 = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1931.10.11"
	election_frequency = 96
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 33
	neutrality = 42
	fascism = 25
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Óscar Benavides"
	desc = "POLITICS_OSCAR_BENAVIDES_DESC"
	picture = "GFX_Portrait_peru_oscar_benavides"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = militarism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Jorge del Prado Chávez"
	desc = "POLITICS_OSCAR_BENAVIDES_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/PRU/portrait_per_communist.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Manuel Prado Ugarteche"
	desc = "POLITICS_OSCAR_BENAVIDES_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/PRU/portrait_per_liberal.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = liberalism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "José Luis Bustamante y Rivero"
	desc = "POLITICS_OSCAR_BENAVIDES_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/PRU/portrait_per_socialist.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Luis A. Flores"
	desc = "POLITICS_OSCAR_BENAVIDES_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/PRU/portrait_PRU_luis_a_flores.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

1939.1.1 = {
	set_country_flag = PRU_started_1939
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Manuel Prado Ugarteche"
		desc = "POLITICS_MANUEL_PRADO_UGARTECHE_DESC"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/PRU/portrait_per_liberal.dds"
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = liberalism
		traits = {
			#
		}
	}
}


### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "R1 Class"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Almirante Villar Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = PRU_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Almirante Grau Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = PRU_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}
